what's good everyone this is MJ 23 dan
just here showing you guys another item
I have in my collection these are the
quote unquote he got games don't like
calling them the he got games I feel
like not every sneakers needs needs a
nickname so I would say these are the
white black red Air Jordan 13 fooling me
let me show you the box real quick these
are the originals from 1997 1998 and
Jordan wore these during that NBA season
they were originally 150 bucks but if
you want to get technical 149 99 at this
finish line that I picked it up and I
believe the original drop date for that
was November 1st 1997 all your branding
here the nice sturdy silver boxes from
back in the day
just a regular tissue paper right here
now these shoes got released in the
countdown pack in 2008 and they will be
dropping again on Saturday March 16 2013
for 170 dollars
just want to show you some up closes on
the shoe
yeah my my Holograms here are super
fogged up and you know I've tried the
hairdryer method and it it's hard to 2d
fog
one thing you might want to notice on
your guys's retros when you get them you
see how there's a 23rd I mean a Jordan
right here flip it and see if it has
Jordan on the inside the originals don't
have that okay but I think I think they
will be pretty much true the original
here's the job man
the bottoms I just love the bottom
because it look just looks like uh like
that you know has that paw print but it
just feels like it's a bear claw even
though it's a cat modelled after a black
cat but I just I just think it goes hard
at the hair and blowing traction right
there great for outdoor courts carbon
fiber this right here that the the
Jordan logo is a little fogged up don't
plan to wear them these are dead stock
if I find a use a used one or even
decide I want to cop the retro I'll wear
that instead but I won't wear the
originals my own here the laces on these
are extremely long for some reason I am
the original owner of the shoes I don't
remember this story on how I copped them
but they are from a finish line and back
in 1997 I was 17 at the time so there's
the inside tag 17 years old a junior
high school so you can imagine rocking
these in school when Jordans were hot
back then right here's the other one
it's a good thing that the mid souls are
here are still intact no separation at
all mid souls are stiff stiff mid souls
mean that they're wearable in my opinion
there's no cracking soft mid souls if
you if you push on a midsole and it
feels super soft
it'll probably eventually crack on you
on days where so just a little tip
I mean don't get me wrong even though
it's hard if the mid soles are hard I'd
still be weary of wearing the shoe just
don't want to take a chance these are
over what ten years old now
all right so there you go these are the
Air Jordan the og Air Jordan 13 white
black and red this is M Joe 23 Dan
signing off peace